README.md, before:

# suppernets2-contracts

Smart contract implementation which will be used by Supernets2

[![Main CI](https://github.com/0xPolygon/supernets2-contracts/actions/workflows/main.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/0xPolygon/supernets2-contracts/actions/workflows/main.yml)

## Note

Private keys and mnemonics contained in this repository are used for internal test exclusively. Do not use them in production environments

## Requirements

- node version: 16.x
- npm version: 7.x

## Repository structure

- `contracts`: supenrets2 contracts
  - `PolygonZkEVMBridge.sol`: transfer assets between chains
    - `PolygonZkEVMGlobalExitRoot.sol`: manage global exit root in L1
    - `PolygonZkEVMGlobalExitRootL2.sol`: manage global exit root in L2
  - `Supernets2.sol`: consensus algorithm used by supernets2
- `docs`: specs and useful links
- `test`: contracts tests

## Activate github hook

```
git config --local core.hooksPath .githooks/
```

## Install

```
npm i
```

## Run tests

```
npm run test
```

## Run Linter

See errors:

```
npm run lint
```

Autofix errors:

```
npm run lint:fix
```

## Build dockers

```
npm run docker:contracts
```

A new docker `hermeznetwork/geth-supernets2-contracts` will be created
This docker will contain a geth node with the deployed contracts
The deployment output can be found in: `docker/deploymentOutput/deploy_output.json`
To run the docker you can use: `docker run -p 8545:8545 hermeznetwork/geth-supernets2-contracts`

## Note

In order to test, the following private keys are being used. These keys are not meant to be used in any production environment:

- private key: `0xac0974bec39a17e36ba4a6b4d238ff944bacb478cbed5efcae784d7bf4f2ff80`
  - address:`0xf39fd6e51aad88f6f4ce6ab8827279cfffb92266`
- private key: `0xdfd01798f92667dbf91df722434e8fbe96af0211d4d1b82bbbbc8f1def7a814f`
  - address:`0xc949254d682d8c9ad5682521675b8f43b102aec4`

# Verify Deployed Smart Contracts

To verify that the smartcontracts of this repository are the same deployed on mainnet, you could follow the instructions described [document](verifyMainnetDeployment/verifyDeployment.md)

The smartcontract used to verify a proof, it's a generated contract from zkEVM Rom and Pil (constraints).

Commit message:

Rename to CDK Validium (#10)
Rename Supernets2 to CDKValidium

README.md, after:

# suppernets2-contracts

Smart contract implementation which will be used by CDK chains with Validium configuration

[![Main CI](https://github.com/0xPolygon/cdk-validium-contracts/actions/workflows/main.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/0xPolygon/cdk-validium-contracts/actions/workflows/main.yml)

## Note

Private keys and mnemonics contained in this repository are used for internal test exclusively. Do not use them in production environments

## Requirements

- node version: 16.x
- npm version: 7.x

## Repository structure

- `contracts`: supenrets2 contracts
  - `PolygonZkEVMBridge.sol`: transfer assets between chains
    - `PolygonZkEVMGlobalExitRoot.sol`: manage global exit root in L1
    - `PolygonZkEVMGlobalExitRootL2.sol`: manage global exit root in L2
  - `CDKValidium.sol`: consensus algorithm used by validium CDK chains
- `docs`: specs and useful links
- `test`: contracts tests

## Activate github hook

```
git config --local core.hooksPath .githooks/
```

## Install

```
npm i
```

## Run tests

```
npm run test
```

## Run Linter

See errors:

```
npm run lint
```

Autofix errors:

```
npm run lint:fix
```

## Build dockers

```
npm run docker:contracts
```

A new docker `hermeznetwork/geth-cdk-validium-contracts` will be created
This docker will contain a geth node with the deployed contracts
The deployment output can be found in: `docker/deploymentOutput/deploy_output.json`
To run the docker you can use: `docker run -p 8545:8545 hermeznetwork/geth-cdk-validium-contracts`

## Note

In order to test, the following private keys are being used. These keys are not meant to be used in any production environment:

- private key: `0xac0974bec39a17e36ba4a6b4d238ff944bacb478cbed5efcae784d7bf4f2ff80`
  - address:`0xf39fd6e51aad88f6f4ce6ab8827279cfffb92266`
- private key: `0xdfd01798f92667dbf91df722434e8fbe96af0211d4d1b82bbbbc8f1def7a814f`
  - address:`0xc949254d682d8c9ad5682521675b8f43b102aec4`

# Verify Deployed Smart Contracts

To verify that the smartcontracts of this repository are the same deployed on mainnet, you could follow the instructions described [document](verifyMainnetDeployment/verifyDeployment.md)

The smartcontract used to verify a proof, it's a generated contract from zkEVM Rom and Pil (constraints).
